Add support for getting Unicode code point from string at specified position (#358)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/string/code-point-at/README.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2020 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# codePointAt

> > Return a Unicode [code point][code-point] from a string at specified position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Return a Unicode [code point][code-point] from a string at a specified position.
```

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- Package usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var codePointAt = require( '@stdlib/string/code-point-at' );
```

#### codePointAt( string, position\[, backward] )

> Returns a Unicode [code point][code-point] from a string at specified position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a Unicode [code point][code-point] from a string at a specified position.
```

```javascript
var out = codePointAt( 'last man standing', 4 );
// returns 32
```

> The function supports providing a flag for supporting backward iteration for low surrogates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function supports providing a `boolean` argument for performing backward iteration for low surrogates.
```

```javascript
var out = codePointAt( '🌷', 1, true );
// returns 127799
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- Package usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="notes">

## Notes

This function differs from [`String.codePointAt`][mdn-string-codepointat] in the following ways:

> -   The function supports providing a flag for supporting backward iteration for low surrogates. [`String.codePointAt`][mdn-string-codepointat] simply returns the low surrogate value if no [UTF-16][utf-16] surrogate pair begins at the specified position. This function, if invoked with the backward flag, will return the code point after aggregating with the preceding high surrogate if the specified position does not mark the start of a surrogate pair.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   The function supports providing a `boolean` argument for performing backward iteration for low surrogates. [`String.codePointAt`][mdn-string-codepointat] simply returns the low surrogate value if no [UTF-16][utf-16] surrogate pair begins at the specified position. If invoked with `backward` set to `true`, this function will return the code point after aggregating with the preceding high surrogate, if the specified position does not mark the start of a surrogate pair.
```
